I hope we have found this other coding problems we have
and I hope you have solutions for all of those.
In this video, I'm going to show you the answer for
the two problems we have for the coding problems.
So this is the first one.
So the first one is remember,
is to find the duplicate integers in a string.
What we do here is remember,
we have a set.
The set is you won't have a duplication in a set.
So the logic here is you use thorough set
and you're iterating through the string character by character.
If the set contains the character,
meaning the character already exist,
they return the index of the character.
So we start a character base HashSet,
and we're going through the string character by character.
You can see this here.
The charAt is polling out the character that based on the index.
If the HashSet contains this character,
meaning, this is a duplicate and we're returning the index.
If not, we are adding the character into the set.
If now those are duplicate,
we're returning negative one.
So the second problem,
I'm going to walk through that is the find the TopKLargest number in array.
So what are we using here is we're using a TreeSet.
If you remember, the TreeSet is the order set.
So we're using that and we're adding number to
the TreeSet and a non-number will be ordered in TreeSet.
What do we do is, we go through the integer array and we add that to the TreeSet.
If the size of TreeSet is larger than K,
we're polling the first.
So remember the order of the TreeSet.
The TreeSet is if you don't define the order,
it will default by smaller to larger in the TreeSet.
So what do we do is, we poll in the first.
So first will be the smallest number in the TreeSet.
So by doing this,
we are keeping all the largest number for the array.
Let's try that with a test case here.
So we have a list of integer in here and we want to keep the top four largest number,
in this array, and we should get this.
If you can take a look at this.
The second one is the same this one.
We're keeping the top two,
which should be 15 and 100,
and we order that from ascending order. Let's run this.
Cool. So which means we've already passed the test case.
When you think of solving a problem,
think about what data structure is best fit for a problem.
So if you don't use a TreeSet, whatever you can use.
I mean, we can use a list, of course,
but it's not going to take a longer time.
We need to sort the list and grab the TopK one,
so which will increased the time complexity for that one.
For here, if you remember the documentation,
the time complexity for TreeSet is all log in.
So relatively it's as much faster than sorting a list.
I hope you got the right answer. Have fun.